chore: update node tables (#371)
hashgraph/hedera-docs: tutorials/more-tutorials/json-rpc-connections/hedera-json-rpc-relay.md

* (7) From the next screen that shows your accounts, copy the value of the "DER-encoded private key" and replace `YOUR_OPERATOR_KEY` in the `.env` file with it.
* (8) From the same screen, copy the value of "Account ID" and set the value of the `OPERATOR_ID_MAIN` variable in the `.env` file with it.
* (9) Run `npm install` to install dependencies. Recommended that you have NodeJS version `18` or later for this.

> * (10) Run `npm run setup`. This will link the node_modules to the packages, and the packages together.
> * (11) Run `npm run build`. This will clean and compile the relay library and the server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* (10) Run `npm run setup` to link dependencies within its sub-packages.
* (11) Run `npm run build` to build the full project.
```
